1. straight a. left parenthesis 0 comma 25 right parenthesis to the power of 3 space end exponent left parenthesis 0 comma 25 right parenthesis to the power of 4 equals left parenthesis 0 comma 25 right parenthesis to the power of 7
straight b.3 xy to the power of 4 straight x squared straight y to the power of 6 equals 3 straight x cubed straight y to the power of 10
straight c. left parenthesis 2 straight x squared right parenthesis left parenthesis 3 straight x cubed right parenthesis left parenthesis 4 straight x to the power of 4 right parenthesis equals 24 straight x to the power of 9
2. straight a. left parenthesis 2 cubed right parenthesis to the power of 4 equals 2 to the power of 12
straight b. straight z cubed left parenthesis straight z squared right parenthesis cubed equals straight z cubed straight z to the power of 6 equals straight z to the power of 9
straight c.3 straight x cubed space left parenthesis straight x squared right parenthesis left parenthesis straight x cubed right parenthesis cubed equals 3 straight x squared straight x to the power of 4 straight x to the power of 9 equals 3 straight x to the power of 15
3. straight a. left parenthesis 2.5 right parenthesis to the power of 4 equals 2 to the power of 4.5 to the power of 4
straight b. left parenthesis 4 straight a squared right parenthesis cubed equals 4 to the power of 6. straight a to the power of 6
straight c left parenthesis straight m cubed. straight n to the power of 4 right parenthesis equals straight m to the power of 35. straight n to the power of 35
4. straight a. left parenthesis 3 divided by 2 right parenthesis to the power of 4 equals 3 to the power of 4 divided by 4 to the power of 4 equals 12 divided by 8 equals 1 comma 5
straight b. left parenthesis straight x squared divided by straight y cubed right parenthesis squared equals left parenthesis straight x squared divided by straight y cubed right parenthesis squared equals straight x to the power of 4 divided by straight y to the power of 6
straight c. left parenthesis ab squared divided by straight c cubed straight d cubed right parenthesis equals left parenthesis ab squared divided by straight c cubed straight d cubed right parenthesis squared equals ab to the power of 4 divided by straight c to the power of 6 straight d to the power of 6
5. straight a. straight a to the power of straight m space straight x space straight a to the power of straight n space equals straight a to the power of straight m plus straight n end exponent equals 2 squared space straight x space 2 cubed equals 2 to the power of 2 plus 3 end exponent
straight b. left parenthesis straight a to the power of straight m right parenthesis to the power of straight n equals straight a to the power of straight m cross times straight n end exponent equals left parenthesis 2 squared right parenthesis squared equals 2 to the power of 2 cross times 2 end exponent
straight c. left parenthesis straight d divided by straight b right parenthesis to the power of straight n equals straight a to the power of straight n divided by straight b to the power of straight n equals left parenthesis 2 divided by 4 right parenthesis squared equals 2 squared divided by 4 squared
6. straight a. left parenthesis straight x. straight y to the power of negative 5 end exponent right parenthesis left parenthesis straight x. straight y right parenthesis to the power of negative 5 end exponent equals 1 divided by straight x to the power of 4 equals 1 divided by straight y to the power of 10
straight b. left parenthesis 2 ab squared right parenthesis to the power of negative 3 end exponent left parenthesis 3 straight a squared straight b right parenthesis to the power of negative 2 end exponent equals 1 divided by 72 equals 1 divided by straight a 7 equals 1 divided by straight b to the power of 8
7. straight a. straight a to the power of negative 3 end exponent divided by straight a to the power of negative 5 end exponent equals straight a to the power of negative 3 minus left parenthesis negative 5 right parenthesis end exponent
straight b.4 straight p to the power of negative 2 end exponent straight q to the power of negative 5 end exponent divided by 2 straight p to the power of negative 7 end exponent straight q to the power of negative 2 end exponent equals 2 straight p to the power of 5 divided by straight q cubed